Interview coding problems/challenges
Hey geeks! Up for solving the problems which are being asked in interviews?

Here you go...

We are trying to list out the most frequently asked interview problems or the problem given in the coding rounds of IT giants.

For you we have detailed analysis:

A proper explanation of question with explanations so that you can have a nice idea of your own and can think about a solution yourself.
A detailed explanation of the solution with a generalized algorithm so that you can code yourself without checking our codes given at the end.
If still, you have issues to figure out a solution then step by step explanation of the code. A detailed explanation of how the code works with the example?
Don't think you will need anything more!!
Benefits if you hit our Interview coding problems pages: Definitely, we may have better ad sense earning more you hit the pages. But it’s not actually for us. The more you hit, the more you practice, the more you get prepared. You have to do some serious coding if you need to get hired. All over the net, you are surely in a loop considering where to start from. Here are we to light you up and that’s why we chose and place the best problems here. Some may seem to be easy, some may seem to be tough. No, issue if it’s easy just check whether you have a more optimized solution or not. If you have a more optimized solution, then feel free to post in the comments. Remember sharing is caring!!

String

Run-length encoding (find/print frequency of letters in a string)
Checking Anagrams (check whether two string is anagrams or not)
Count and Say sequence
Longest Common Prefix
Count Substrings
Number following the pattern
Next Permutation
Convert Ternary Expression to Binary Tree
Count of strings that can be formed using a, b and c under given constraints
Minimum Number of Flips
Count Occurrences of Anagrams
Rearrange a string
Print bracket number
Longest Palindromic Subsequence
Arrays

Sort an array of 0's, 1's and 2's in linear time complexity
Check for Valid Sudoku
Palindromic Array
Largest Fibonacci Subsequence
Pairs of songs with total durations divisible by 60
Sorting

Sort an array of 0's, 1's and 2's in linear time complexity
Relative sorting algorithm
Searching

Finding First Bad Version
Maximum value in a bitonic array
Coding Algorithms

Run-length encoding (find/print frequency of letters in a string)
Sort an array of 0's, 1's and 2's in linear time complexity
Finding subarray with given sum
1[0]1 Pattern Count
Capitalize first and last letter of each word in a line
Greedy Strategy to solve major algorithm problems
Job sequencing problem
Exit Point in a Matrix
Generate Gray Code Sequences
Picking Numbers
Tree

Find the level in a binary tree with given sum K
Check whether a Binary Tree is BST (Binary Search Tree) or not
Print vertical sum of a binary tree
Print Boundary Sum of a Binary Tree
Root to leaf Path Sum
Print All Nodes that don't have Sibling
Two Mirror Trees
Transform to Sum Tree
Symmetric Tree
Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree
Odd even level difference in a binary tree
Check if Tree is Isomorphic
Expression Tree
K distance from root
Right View of Binary Tree
Diameter of Binary Tree
Delete nodes greater than or equal to k in a BST
Reverse Level Order Traversal
Diagonal Traversal of Binary Tree
Leftmost and Rightmost Nodes of Binary Tree
Lowest Common Ancestor in a BST
Convert Ternary Expression to Binary Tree
Bottom View of Binary Tree
Ancestors in Binary Tree
All Root to Leaf Paths
Sum of all numbers formed by root to leaf path
Minimum distance between two given nodes of a Binary Tree
K-th smallest element in a Binary Search Tree
Level order traversal in spiral form
Stack

Number following the pattern
Print bracket number
Linked list

Reverse a single linked list
Find length of loop in a linked list
Palindrome Linked List
Intersection Point in Y-Shaped Linked List
Absolute sorting on a single linked list
Graph

Rotten Oranges
Alien Dictionary
Find the number of islands
Check a graph is Hamiltonian or not (Hamiltonian path)
Knight walk problem
Greedy Algorithms

Greedy Strategy to solve major algorithm problems
Job sequencing problem
Fractional knapsack problem
Dynamic Programming

0-1 Knapsack Algorithm
House Robber
Coin Change
Word Break Problem
Matrix

Exit Point in a Matrix
Shortest Source to Destination Path
Recursion

Palindromic Array
Number theory

Sieve of Eratosthenes
Bitwise operators

Game of XOR
Puzzle

Prisoners and the poison
Miscellaneous

Find nth Magic number
Toppers of Class
Where is my seat?
Google CodeJam 2019 | Foregone Solution
Find the perfect land of C shape
Find the magic matrix
